README.md, before:

## copy-agent-rules

A zero-dependency CLI to merge Markdown rule files and write them to multiple IDE-specific locations.

### For npx users (quick start)

Run the CLI with command-line args only:

```
npx copy-agent-rules <src_dir> <dest_dir> [--formats <list>] [--overwrite]
npx copy-agent-rules -h | --help
```

Arguments:
- `src_dir`: directory containing one or more `.md` files (merged by filename order)
- `dest_dir`: target project root to receive outputs
- `--formats`: comma-separated list, overrides formats from `config.js`
- `--overwrite`: overwrite existing files without prompt
- `-h, --help`: show help and list available formats (read from `config.js`)

Available formats (default, from `config.js`):
```
chatgpt-codex, claude, cline, codex, cursor, gemini, kiro, vscode, windsurf
```

Example:
```
npx copy-agent-rules src dist --formats codex,cursor --overwrite
```

### For git-cloned users (local development)

Main files:
- `bin/copy-agent-rules.js`: CLI entry.
- `config.js`: default formats and destinations (see below).
 - `tests/tester.js`: zero-dependency E2E test runner.

Common scripts:
- `npm run copy -- <src_dir> <dest_dir> [--formats <list>] [--overwrite]`
- `npm test`

Config (ESM, `config.js`):
```js
export default {
  overwrite: false,
  formats: ['chatgpt-codex','claude','cline','codex','cursor','gemini','kiro','vscode','windsurf'],
  formats_dict: {
    codex: { filename: 'codex.md' },
    cursor: { filename: '.cursor/rules/copy-agent-rule.mdc', prepend: `---\ndescription: "Generated by copy-agent-rules"\nalwaysApply: true\n---` },
    vscode: { filename: '.github/instructions/copy-agent-rule.instructions.md' }
  }
};
```

Notes:
- All `.md` in `src_dir` are merged with a `<!-- source: <file> -->` marker.
- `prepend` (optional) adds per-format content to the very top.

### License

MIT

Commit message:

feat: support config path flag

README.md, after:

## copy-agent-rules

A zero-dependency CLI to merge Markdown rule files and write them to multiple IDE-specific locations.

### For npx users (quick start)

Run the CLI with command-line args only:

```
npx copy-agent-rules <src_dir> <dest_dir> [--formats <list>] [--overwrite] [--config <file>]
npx copy-agent-rules -h | --help
```

Arguments:
- `src_dir`: directory containing one or more `.md` files (merged by filename order)
- `dest_dir`: target project root to receive outputs
- `--formats`: comma-separated list, overrides formats from `config.js`
- `--overwrite`: overwrite existing files without prompt
- `--config <file>`: use config from the given file (default: `./config.js`)
- `-h, --help`: show help and list available formats (read from `config.js`)

Available formats (default, from `config.js`):
```
chatgpt-codex, claude, cline, codex, cursor, gemini, kiro, vscode, windsurf
```

Example:
```
npx copy-agent-rules src dist --formats codex,cursor --overwrite
```

During execution the CLI prints the path of the loaded config:

```
using config from /path/to/config.js
```

### For git-cloned users (local development)

Main files:
- `bin/copy-agent-rules.js`: CLI entry.
- `config.js`: default formats and destinations (see below).
 - `tests/tester.js`: zero-dependency E2E test runner.

Common scripts:
- `npm run copy -- <src_dir> <dest_dir> [--formats <list>] [--overwrite]`
- `npm test`

Config (ESM, `config.js`):
```js
export default {
  overwrite: false,
  formats: ['chatgpt-codex','claude','cline','codex','cursor','gemini','kiro','vscode','windsurf'],
  formats_dict: {
    codex: { filename: 'codex.md' },
    cursor: { filename: '.cursor/rules/copy-agent-rule.mdc', prepend: `---\ndescription: "Generated by copy-agent-rules"\nalwaysApply: true\n---` },
    vscode: { filename: '.github/instructions/copy-agent-rule.instructions.md' }
  }
};
```

Notes:
- All `.md` in `src_dir` are merged with a `<!-- source: <file> -->` marker.
- `prepend` (optional) adds per-format content to the very top.

### License

MIT
